README.md, before:

Python helpers to include as GIT submodules

Use the source.  Or the README.md in other directories.

Also there are short snippets in recipe on how to do a thing.

This Works is placed under the terms of the Copyright Less License,
see file COPYRIGHT.CLL.  USE AT OWN RISK, ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.


log.py: Typical use

	import pytino.log as log
	__LOGLEVEL__ = log.WARNING	# hides logging below this level

	log.sane(__file__, log.ALL)	# done only in __main__

	log.info('not shown')	# above log.ALL, but below __LOGLEVEL__
	log.warn('shown')	# allowed by both
	log.level(log.FATAL)	# changes the level from .sane()
	log.warn('not shown')	# now this is below the loglevel

log.py: Simple logger wrapper (ignore stack from this module):

        # This assumes your main program uses pytino.log
	# If not, __LOGWRAPPER__ = logging does no harm.

        import logging
	__LOGWRAPPER__ = logging

	# Do not have a __LOGLEVEL__ on the caller, as this throws!
	def mylog(*args, **kw):
		logging.log(logging.INFO, ..whatever..)

log.py: Typical logger wrapper:

        import pytino.log as log
	__LOGWRAPPER__ = logging

	# Thanks to xlog(), the calling module can have a __LOGLEVEL__
	def mylog(*args, **kw):
		log.xlog(log.INFO, ..whatever.., exc_info=True)

Commit message:

README.md some more minimal doc

README.md, after:

Python helpers to include as GIT submodules

Use the source.  Or the README.md in other directories.

Also there are short snippets in recipe on how to do a thing.

This Works is placed under the terms of the Copyright Less License,
see file COPYRIGHT.CLL.  USE AT OWN RISK, ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.


- `introspection/` some reverse lookup for various constants in Python.

- `rfb/` some RFB stuff.  Sorry for the softlinks, but these works fine
  under the Linux ABI of Windows 10 Creators Update.

- `ssh2/` stuff about `ssh2` and `paramiko`.

- `zmq/` allows a bunch of scripts to easily interact using 0MQ.


- `log.py`: Typical use:

	import pytino.log as log
	__LOGLEVEL__ = log.WARNING	# hides logging below this level

	log.sane(__file__, log.ALL)	# done only in __main__

	log.info('not shown')	# above log.ALL, but below __LOGLEVEL__
	log.warn('shown')	# allowed by both
	log.level(log.FATAL)	# changes the level from .sane()
	log.warn('not shown')	# now this is below the loglevel

- `log.py`: Simple logger wrapper (ignore stack from this module):

        # This assumes your main program uses pytino.log
	# If not, __LOGWRAPPER__ = logging does no harm.

        import logging
	__LOGWRAPPER__ = logging

	# Do not have a __LOGLEVEL__ on the caller, as this throws!
	def mylog(*args, **kw):
		logging.log(logging.INFO, ..whatever..)

- `log.py`: Typical logger wrapper:

        import pytino.log as log
	__LOGWRAPPER__ = logging

	# Thanks to xlog(), the calling module can have a __LOGLEVEL__
	def mylog(*args, **kw):
		log.xlog(log.INFO, ..whatever.., exc_info=True)


- `reg.py`: Python registry on module level for paradigm:  Keep together what belongs together.

  Used to create `NAME->ID` mappings with additional benefit of processing functions and the like.
  Modifies the local module and heavily relies on the dynamic structure of Python.
  Of course provides easy to use reverse lookups.  See `introspection/` for more reverse lookups.

  If you need an example, have a look into `ssh2/sftp.py`
